[Music]
hey if you're a Monopoly fan you most
likely know there are all sorts of
different additions Lord of the Rings
Game of Thrones Disney and whatnot Wow
wouldn't you love to see a mashup of
Game of Thrones and Disney that's a
whole video right there anyway did you
know that a totally new fully immersive
real-life version of monopoly is coming
in 2019 now that's something you'll want
to step inside monopoly dreams in Hong
Kong will become the first themed
attraction inspired by the game so loved
by millions of people the 20,000 square
feet of endless monopoly is supposed to
open to the general public in June 2019
any fan will feel totally at home there
among all the iconic game elements there
will be the bank waterworks electric
company train station title deeds and
chance and opportunity cards all of
these will feel as real as can be thanks
to 4d interactive projections holograms
and augmented reality technology guiding
the visitors oh and you might just find
yourself in the jail cell uh-oh do not
pass go in addition to what everyone is
used to in monopoly there will also be
an added twist visitors will help unveil
a mystery and identify a villain who's
going after one of mr. monopolies
diamonds which he keeps in the residence
but if the Monopoly you're familiar with
includes New York Avenue Pennsylvania
Avenue and boardwalk don't expect to see
any of those in monopoly dreams
the theme park will have the Hong Kong
versions of place names in the game
moreover the whole park will be situated
at the peak the richest area of the city
you see the first Chinese version of
Monopoly was designed in 1965 and based
on Hong Kong later there was a vote for
the most expensive tile in the game and
locals chose the peak it's the most
expensive residential area that gives
the best views of the world famous
skyline of Hong Kong so that's another
great reason to visit the park
that and themed snacks will be available
at monopoly dreams along with souvenirs
of course monopoly is currently owned by
Hasbro company and it has of course all
been arranged with their agreement and
participation the company sees the park
as an opportunity to extend the reach of
monopoly from board game to real
location entertainment and an excellent
opportunity for fan families to get a
memorable and fully immersive experience
the park of course isn't a cheap project
and it took a lot of resources to design
and build it according to Gary chan the
chief operations officer of Monopoly
dreams they hope all the investment
won't go in vain and around 700,000 new
visitors will come to Hong Kong to see
it as the area's newest attractive
tourist destination it's hard to find a
person who has never played Monopoly
these days and even if you're a pro and
think you know your favourite game
better than anyone I'll bet there are
some facts that even you may not have
heard the board game has been popular
for over 110 years the first prototype
of the game was landlord in 1903 which
was invented by Elizabeth J Phillips
however most people credit Charles
Darrow for the invention it was Darrow
who built the game out of materials from
his own home he used molding scraps to
build the first houses and hotels wrote
the cards with his own hands and cover
the board with an oil cloth Darrow's
niece has suggested metal charms from
their bracelet as material for diecast
tokens there were 10 metal tokens in the
original game including an iron a cannon
a purse a thimble a shoe a top hat a
lantern a race car a rocking horse and a
battleship the first city of the game
was based on was Atlantic City in New
Jersey Darrow was rejected by many major
game companies in the US but he believed
in the future success of Monopoly so
much he kept trying to sell it finally
he managed to sell his game to Parker
Brothers in 1935 they bought the first
lot of 7500 games which Darrow built and
sold to them all at once it came with
the sub
title the fastest dealing property
trading game by Christmas of 1935 the
game had become such a hit everyone
wanted to purchase it as a gift and
250,000 game packs were sold the craze
didn't fade away the following year when
the company sold over a million in its
more than a hundred years of success
monopoly has sold over 275 million
copies in 114 countries all around the
world and has been translated into 47
different languages and translated in
this case doesn't only mean a word by
word translation of game elements but a
full abdication for instance when the
game was introduced to UK players names
of properties were also adapted to local
Realty when simple fact proves just how
popular monopoly really is to meet all
the demand the Parker Brothers had to
print more monopoly money than the
Federal Reserve ever has for the US and
yearly they print 30 times the amount of
monopoly money the Federal Reserve does
in the same period of time if for some
reason you decide to stack up all the
monopoly sets ever made you'd get a
tower 1100 miles high who the most
unusual places where monopoly has been
played include a ceiling underground and
even a US nuclear submarine the longest
game ever played lasted for 70 days
straight in 2008 3000 Monopoly players
decided to set the world record for the
highest number of people playing it at
the same time the first Monopoly game
ever sold cost just two blocks and the
most expensive version of it costs
around 2 million bucks and it wasn't
that very first original game that went
up in price because of its age as you
might guess it's actually so expensive
because it's designer Sidney Mabel used
diamonds for his production the game
board was made of 23 karat gold with
sapphires and rubies decorating its
houses in hotels the dice were studded
with diamonds and the 42 pips were all
diamonds as well
this game was created in celebration of
monopoly's 50th anniversary in 1985
since 1973 the monopoly World
Championship has taken place once every
few years
the first winner back then in Liberty
New York was Lea Baird from the US
national champions from different
countries get together at locations like
Tokyo Monte Carlo Las Vegas and so on 14
world championships have been organized
so far the most recent of them took
place in Macau in 2015 the prize money
for the winner is twenty thousand eight
hundred fifty dollars I'll bet you know
why don't you that's exactly the amount
of money the game has in the bank
are you a monopoly fan and if so do you
have any fun facts or strategies for
winning let me know in the comment
section don't forget to give this video
a like share it with your friends and
click subscribe to stay on the bright
side of life